+++
date = 2019-09-16
title = "Finance 325: Corporate Finance"
draft = false
+++

# Course Description

This course is taught by professor [Bulent Parker](https://bus.wisc.edu/faculty/bulent-paker).
The aim of this course is to teach you the basic theoretical foundations as well as the practical issues and skills necessary for the corporate finance professional.

In this website page you can find an **unofficial** outline of the lectures. I am putting together this pdf to aid you in studying for this class by making sure you have a clear idea of what topics were covered in class and what chapters in the book are connected with the topics discussed. I've also summarized some of the main intuitions for the main formulas that were presented in class.


### Required Text:

* *Corporate Finance*, Berk and DeMarzo, 5th Edition, Pearson

#### Lecture notes outline:

* To access the TA-made lecture notes [click here](https://www.dropbox.com/s/v4w75u052lgnomq/Notes_325.pdf?raw=1).

#### TA Office Hours:

* If you have any question, please come to my office hours. Expect extra office hours the week prior to an exam.
  * Tuesday: 2:30-3:30 pm @ Grainger 2167
  * Friday: 9:30-10:30 pm @ Grainger 2167

#### TA Contact Information:

  * E-mail: [gamartinez@wisc.edu](mailto:gamartinez@wisc.edu)


---
#### Disclaimer
* This lecture notes outline is not meant to be comprehensive. It does not contain the valuable examples presented in class, for example. You are expected to attend lectures, read the chapters in your book and work on the questions presented at the end of each chapter.
* I appreciate your collaboration in identifying any mistakes. I constantly keep the outline updated (see the date in the beginning of the file). If you find an error, please [contact me](mailto:gamartinez@wisc.edu).
